= chinampa

home  :: FIX (url)
code  :: FIX (url)
rdoc  :: FIX (url)
bugs  :: FIX (url)
... etc ...

== DESCRIPTION:

FIX (describe your package)
La idea es escribir un programa que simule una zona de cultivo, en la
que se tengan en cuenta factores como las propiedades del suelo
(humedad, nutrientes, fertilidad, etc.), factores de clima externo
(viento, lluvia, sequia, etc.) pero SIN dejar de darle la mayor
importancia al cultivo propiamente dicho. Deberia ser facil simular la
plantacion de frutas/verduras/hortalizas, y ver su evolucion a lo
largo del tiempo. Todo esto es para, en un caso muy ideal, poder tener
esto como un acompaniamiento al cultivo real, para ver como va a
evolucionar una plantacion hecha. Tambien tiene que ser explicativo,
con tips o ideas simples que acompanien el grafico (basico) que
represente todo el cultivo.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIX (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* FIX (sudo gem install, anything else)

== DEVELOPERS:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
